EDU-11127 - edit pii guide with checkout information (#839)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/data-privacy/changes-in-vtex-features-behavior-to-handle-pii-data.md

| Cancel order | `POST` [api/oms/pvt/orders/{orderId}/cancel](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/cancel) | `POST` [/api/orders/pvt/document/{orderId}/cancel](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#post-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-/cancel) | No |
| Order invoice notification | `POST` [api/oms/orders/{orderId}/invoice](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/invoice) | `POST` [api/orders/pvt/document/{orderId}/invoices](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#post-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-/invoices) | Yes |
| Send payment notification | `POST` [/api/oms/pvt/orders/{orderId}/payments/{paymentId}/payment-notification](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api/#post-/api/oms/pvt/orders/-orderId-/payments/-paymentId-/payment-notification) | `POST` [/api/orders/pvt/document/{orderId}/payment/{paymentId}/notify-payment](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#post-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-/payment/-paymentId-/notify-payment) | No |

> > ℹ️ To display the unmasked contact information on the PII data architecture version of [Get order](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#get-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-), we rely on the `contactId` property, which should be filled in the [Address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/profile-system#get-/api/storage/profile-system/profiles/-profileId-/addresses/-addressId-) in the Profile System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ℹ️ To display the unmasked contact information on the PII-compliant [Get order](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/orders-api-pii-version#get-/api/orders/pvt/document/-orderId-) endpoint, we rely on the `contactId` property, which should be filled in the [Address](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/profile-system#get-/api/storage/profile-system/profiles/-profileId-/addresses/-addressId-) in the Profile System.
```

>

> > In order to unmask the `contactInformation`, the `shippingAttachment` of the orderForm must contain the `contactId` that the address is related to. This is sent in the request for [Add shipping address and select delivery option](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#post-/api/checkout/pub/orderForm/-orderFormId-/attachments/shippingData), where `address.contactId` must match the `contactInformation[0].id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> More specifically, the `shippingAttachment` of the orderForm must contain the `contactId` that the address is related to. This is sent in the request for [Add shipping address and select delivery option](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/checkout-api#post-/api/checkout/pub/orderForm/-orderFormId-/attachments/shippingData), where `address.contactId` must match the `contactInformation[0].id`.
```
